














diffuse carbon monoxide and light, netted

tree burls and fish tumors, both knotted buds, both of growth gone sickly, both enclosed history. ever open a book with a knife? has it ever been cake with a message on it?

one time the sun (the ticklish version) set over the river and it rose underwater. it only happened once, so it’s a well kept secret told in filter-feeder folktales.

i hear their gurgling sometimes, it follows me like a scared balloon and knocks brittle craft supplies off the shelf. it once set off a carbon monoxide alarm. the gurgling can even steal my nose hairs if it gets close enough.

it’s not even fusiform. it’s more vermiform if anything…

which of my sounds haunts my mother? i know that memories line my lips like casted hooks. they clink in my storytelling. Chubbles plays with them when i whisper close to his face. we are bonded because i smell like off-brand tuna and lab fish.

i’m not alone, nor lonely, just in a lonely story. the same isn’t true for the others.

resting my coat on the burls, the river rejects the distant light. bespectacled seams of twined liters, stitching a glass pupil and pulsing cataracts. in the winter, a river spoils blindness and starves visibility.




















a sword swinging contest

a line of claymores hang from the fuselage. the trees wince from the feint. even though they know the cut of wind in winter. it’s a game to get by with a parachute.

i try to use upcycled versions with the holes properly patched.

i bring a little bell pepper with me and whisper into its fuzzy bottom that we’re going to be ok. we’ve gone at least a week without fajitas.

nylon comes from meshes and bristles, from quilts and frayed edges. i heard in the vault of DuPont they have the only nylon doll. she is the bravest of all trees.

my stomach gurgles and dissociates and slips into an anomalous extradimensional space and lurches from liminal backflips. it must be Tuesday. or some other onerous occasion like the first mycorrhizal shiver.

what if canaries made gay love in coal mines? what if they sang with the intimacy of warning? what if we feared their silence before it came?

dicyclomine has a mean plasma elimination half life of 1.8 hours. its wrapper however, part plastic, part foil, part waste, part breached, part fingernail slice, part flattened, part incinerated, part carbonized, part smoke, part dust, part forever, part brain-burn, part palinopsia.

the aircraft avoids chemical manufacturers and places of dangerous business because a falling claymore could spell disaster.

fasten my goggles one more time, kiss my bell pepper, start the slow journey home and apologize to all the trees on my way down.













slugger just jinxed us

i know they’re concrete bumper slugs because the slime leads right to them. the trails are obvious every morning and then the sun ingurgitates them leaving a glittery residue.

it is an aberrant cursive, some curse for their brethren snails to decipher.

the customers don’t believe me. they doubt that and they doubt the fees i’m told to tuck under their paper packet and they doubt the slugs are solving math proofs and they doubt interest is a thing of the heart. but it is and don’t tell my concrete parking lot bumper slugs otherwise.

curses are foldable, or the best ones are, and that is why i become the passive utterances of a wise woman when she calls me to question. i will fold so quickly don’t test me.

with a grain of salt, the glitter stain takes a chalky quality. pique my glasses, tap on my clipboard, make slow circles around the concrete fringes to consult with the grass.

it seems like the slugs are solving the complexity of theorem proving procedures. if we call the Federal Math Department (FMD) then they better know what these slugs are on about.

i would love to liberate them from this parking lot. i would love for them to sit by rivers and make bumper slug babies. lovers pushing strollers would beckon to them and say, “that’s who solved the complexity of theorem proving procedures.”

even the reader is starting to doubt me. starting to doubt the fees i’ve tucked in here. maybe even doubting the intellect of these bumper slugs.

please.

they just need more time. their snail brothers just don’t get it. i have it all right here, just wait until the FMD gets here. just wait until the sun spits it all back to us. don’t doubt it.












burn-off in B flat

conduits of experience with the conduits of our perspectives. the tube with its inside ribs, ribs of view.

for some, what beats within just beats, the most feral piece of us all caged up.

for some, love gets shoved in an airvent and a doll dressed up takes its place to meet the people.

queerness is a great harvest when the fruits are ripe enough to fall on heads.

for some, the brain is a wet field and we’re lucky its ecosystem trusts us.

there are sadly better alignments for our jolted existences. better than getting dressed up to discover it’s the wrong occasion. the mushrooms are laughing at us and it’s a pain that finds every fiber. the ribs tell us, “he just has his days.”

brittle resistance, put the doll to bed gently and walk away with the carbon monoxide sensors singing. we cannot keep suturing. the worms clearly want it. unscrew the vent and bring love out for a nice picnic. any who laugh are laughing alone, i trust the fungal approval. i plant my fingers and feel them humming.












look to the spider and see yourself 8 times

want to relate? how about
matching seated depressions,
putting on the same album when we want to chew glass and
talk with our mouthsfull,
types of tomatillo peeling,
appreciation for squished sunday morning cartoon characters,
a shared frenzied urge to scream while checking the mail;

would any of those work?

i want you to know that i saw your glasses and peered into a ceaseless void filled with McDonald’s toys and if you look at my lenses from the side you can see a giant happy meal container walking with chicken legs like a fastfood baba yaga hut.

isn’t that cute?

you like a pin-striped sunset (the noirish version) with a cigarette butt caught between your toes and you don’t know how long i’ve been waiting for someone to say that. it’s like the sky has curled a mystery around its waist and eyed us from behind a feathered boa.

you can present on the capitalistic surveillance of enmity and the civil conscription of necropolitics and boy do i have news for you!

honestly, i stood at the same bus stop with someone six years ago and it still blows my mind how our lives have moved an infinite division of turns and we are still pinned to that bus stop six years ago in the permanent history of life. i’m sure that person never screams while checking the mail or can identify the 1997 Mighty Ducks McDonald’s toy set or hasn’t chewed glass in at least a few weeks or would coyly approach the baba yaga hut with a popped collar covering a shoulder-glancing look from a noir scene, but that bus stop is still there six years ago.

we have become the marching transience of spider homes and it’s really welling up in my eyes.

let’s just relate a little bit longer, my balloon is scared and if we keep this going, it will stop hitting itself on the ceiling fan.












i yell at the world when i love it and i’m forever kindled

wouldn’t recommend giving new meaning to words. all that time making things that never existed point to things we didn’t know exist has superseded those that make existence what it is.

the jumpsuit in the corner crosses its legs. puppets tonguing real fangs hiss from the windowsill.

when i told this to the world, a man in a walker spit on the cement. the speedbumps (bumper whales) rolled over. the sun (the hoggish version) swept up my feelings and added them to its horde.

pleas of pathos are hardly my forte. i actually trust the world, but didn’t give the world space to be trusted.

i pull the string behind me and turn blindly to kiss evolution’s ossified claymores pointing from a nylon bundle that’s stitched into a burtonesque horror. my decaying wiry beard hairs tickle me back.

when i falter in making the real feel real, i can always ask my empty jumpsuit in the morning. at least while the clocks work.

those people out there,
the ones taking leadership courses,
those frayed at the seams by drive thru timeframes,
those facing delirious inconsideration while wearing a smile that could casually fit between their fingers,
those loose in the rafters,
those wielding a reserved authenticity so pure and delicate you could weep,
those that know hustle and the thoughtless jumps over sidewalk spit,
those with road-runner haste that never feel weight because they are faster than it falls, ,
those loose in the rafters and pulling up their friends,
those that know the patience of a camera’s tired shutter and a palm-sized clay scene,
those that will go to the farmer’s market and ask for a spare turnip,
those that are not ready to get down from the rafters,
those that miss someone and those that want someone to miss,
those that know others like these,
they’re all beautiful and needed and i’m not gonna make a big deal about it i guess.











extra letters for the stenographer

new honorific, something to denote overthinkers specialized in the scary stuff, or maybe one for a poet that spent too much time by the river and finally didn’t care. give them some nylon robes and a coatlicue-shaped crocheted hat.

let us all see that they destroyed and created for us all to know play. let the silliness of importance tie our shoelaces and trip us. let it bring us to bow for the real honor, the import of youth, the deference to little ones.

a court full of serious jesters with testimony from fastidious clowns, they wither in their seats as they neglect our top priority.

all rise, the great Muzelnitch has arrived. they enter on their magnificent steed, a bloated and tolerant Chubbles. behold their scepter, as it plays a loop of cheap Kasio 8 bit music when a button is pushed.

listen close, for they will invite us to the tea party and tell us in broken language what our role is. they tell the tallest seated buffoon that it is snack time and dino nuggies must be presented before us all.

after years of administrative futility and the abrupt procession before him, the stenographer gathers his senses and grabs a sledgehammer. he steps outside and begins to demolish the parking lot. he pulls seeds from his pocket and slams his fist into the earth. he punches and cries and wallows until all that’s left is the gentle hum of a song from far ago. well, not that far, it’s a lot like the scepter music. what a beautiful ceremony, for this is the great graduation. the stenographer will rise with new credentials.











foxtrot parade

progress is just-is and progression is how progress just-is. as fish tumor is to malignance. progress let loose in the rafters.

progression dialing the knobs from behind a tinted two-way mirror truly tormenting progress with an array of cacophonous sounds and centipedes slinking through the floorboards and whole slew of nightmare fuel that would give frantz fanon or mary shelley a run for their money. not to mention the rafters put in place for this purpose.

i went to the forest and i noticed the foxes were everywhere. they were so abundant, parts of the forest were huddled masses of fur. they looked frightened and they had the feverishness of teeming locusts.

under one knotted root, a rabbit shivered alone while gnashing foxes lurched too many at a time to fit through the opening.

as the dawn gave way, purple smoke started to twist around the branches. the tendons in the fox thighs lurched and twitched with the byzantium suffusing. this airborne chemical output had made them immortal.

i called the Federal Math Department and asked them nicely to count me down.
10. i breach the foxpile
09. i raise a tired ancient wheezing fox from the bottom
08. i hold the fox’s coldness very close to my chest
07. i step carefully over dark fur paws and autumn-hued tails
06. this is a progression, but this is not progress.
05. there are little sniffs against my calves
04. fish tumors are useful for the mimicking expression of certain genes, for our alchemical progress
03. i smile into the clouded beady moonbeams
02. i step out of the forest and inhale deeply
01. the sky lifts with it’s back from the other side of the world
00. breath is a progression as to breathe is progress












there’s one in every lincoln log village

honestly, i didn’t fully hear the ice cream cake’s dissertation. there was just so much going on with this cytometrist’s opinion on naked mole-rats. and it felt like my first casual conversation with this cytometrist.

to summarize, they had a general distaste for overlap. turns out the naked mole-rat keeps a layered practice of sleeping in stacks. imagine a burrough filled with lincoln log configurations. that’s what i do.

the technician joked that we should all call it for the day and abandon our responsibilities. i said that wouldn’t be an uphill battle. i felt so good when i said it. a flawless joke, at least in cartesian tactics.

i’m glad i didn’t say that ‘should’ is a conditional operative. i do that sometimes.

we wisened up for a minute and i paid close attention to my fingers tapping themselves in a game of sardine tin tag.

unfortunately, in recollection i’ve lost the thread. i can’t quite remember how we disbanded. i must resolve it believing there were jokes and laughs and it was all grade A, high quality banter that definitely passed my social examination.

(taking a moment to check my examiner by looking skyward and whispering “i know who you are”).

when the technician bemoaned a mountain of data from the cytometrist, did they make that pun on purpose? i wish i’d caught it, but it took me time to sort it out.

(damn, i’ve double punned, is my examiner taking notes?)

my happy place is now a lego home of sand puppies. let me go there for a minute. as a lego figure, i would have a tiny tea set and host people on a micro-couch. we would exchange a volley of chuckles and call it victory after a few cackles. i would ask all about them and listen and wish them well. as they left for their toy car, i would pat the skin walls and wish our sand puppy partition some good rest.

and then i would lay down and dream of being in appropriate social scenarios in an office without wearing stacks of masks. i can already listen to two things at once, but if i could choose the second thing, i would pick the ice cream cake’s dissertation over my thoughts of skin walls.












survival of the kitchen utensils

after the chasm ruptured and sank our town’s cafeteria, we hadn’t talked much.

obviously i was pretty busy at first. there was nowhere to put the ladle and the mayor’s office was on the other side. last i’d heard, you finished your power analysis and developed an artistic rendering of landscapes with doll heads.

i don’t need to tell you where the ladle sits or how i’ve befriended some sand puppies or in what shape i rest my heart on the considerations of others. it has become a fluid affair that shapes itself and it took much to learn this.

the gaps in infrastructure were met materially and slowly adopted by institutions. i’m glad we trust our governance now.

it’s funny that we picked a carrot-themed gastropub and your side chose a pickle-themed patio bar. the ghost of the cafeteria is a mascot at both, and we accommodate her spirit by alternating trivia night.

it’s said they’re working on a bridge design. wouldn’t that be nice? it’s been so long, i may even try taking some shrooms or selfies with medical models again. maybe even throw a watermelon.

you’d really like these sand puppies and some other friends and lovers i’ve met along the way. when i close my eyes, i can see the cafeteria overlaid with the blackness of the canyon’s pit. the ladle knows its old spot and its new one.















contrast is a love story

only heard when yelling, our neighbors next door must not have a good credit score. their viewing port on their front door is dusty and untouched. paint chips caught in the rusted frame from force, pressure, and the combustion of temper wielded against weak hinges.

sure, we have our problems. sometimes i occupy the rafters of fine dining establishments in the quarter, much to the disillusioned chagrin of the garcon.

they say one must find speakeasy, and yet my tongue has searched every corner in the sounds it spits. it is fuel for a veneer of assumed authority.

even still, she is my Alabama, my Queen, and i would never put that strain on a hinge. the thing is, even when thousands in glassware have been shattered by my delectable dancing, the quarter has infinite hiding places. we always know exactly what we run from.

on the way back, we’ll pause by the logging station and watch the burly folk wade into shallow pools and strain their spines lining up the wood. the sawdust from upstream will tear up our eyes and we’ll flash the fine people.

then we’ll head home, kiss against the door, and breach the portal of thin angry echoes into our tranquil den.












the masquerade of prisons

telling stories doesn’t get it done on its own. a plot only makes a garden with flowers, and flowers don’t evaluate power structures.

a story prefers a fortress for people to take shelter in, like a freezer of wilting phonebooks, like frozen deer steaks in car doors, like the flimsy line of wire a foot off the ground around a museum painting.

it needs a beacon for people to find when the grass starts to pixelate. self-awareness starts with shaving more than a thin wisp of hair. sousveillance is recognizing the crunch of clicking piano keys before the note plays.

green shower curtains reflecting on green soap.

this story you tell, do the people see it’s hiding places? do they recognize the cut of light, the fringes of an appointed stare, the flimsy pose, its break points, bone-crunches and joint-pops twirling in the vicious future, a swing and a swing-set, thrust and retreat, a place to go with a place to be?

it’s why they’ve turned on us, stories. it’s why we built snow forts in spring and saunas in autumn. it is the cheat of death in the machinations of little figures and the expectations of their ghosts.

the only way to protect our own ghosts, to make them unexpected, is send our bodies into the frigid death, to walk through walls and make a home of each other. then we carry away their stones on polished plots.

we decide together what to do with the stones.

the only rule is no walls and no masquerade of prisons.










trust is knowing that vulnerability is protected

radiation damage can permanently imprint cosmic events. a retinal tattoo of solar dances.

would look great with a pink eevee graphic T with some obscure khalil gibran quote.

pants with a bamboo blade blooming along the inseam.

aesthetic and adoration (like platonic felicity) are the stitches creasing socialization, pinching our desires into little paper airplanes and entering into friendly contests.

we are at all times vulnerable to imprint. and we are vulnerable to the consequences of imprint.

when my therapist turned into a flemish rabbit, the fur came first. i think it helped disguise the roiling masses of flesh inter-folding.

the face was the hardest to watch, likely because, when i think back, not much changed. we are not so far from our face-wearing earthen siblings.

it concluded sweetly, as i went up to them and they sniffed my hand and then accepted my insurance.

this is also burned into my vision, and i show it off to my friends for acceptance or approval or a brief moment of performed belonging. some of them appreciate the violent mutations of it, while others like the cute conclusion.

desire is both fashion sense and fashion taste, but to dream like this, i learn what nakedness my desire covers.












room2give

the room seller walked through the door and we walked around it. the walls were lines of tape on the ground. i said to you, “this is how you always have so much room to give.”

we peeled back the fabric of reality and read the tag, not in our range.

the room seller touched a lampshade gently and promised ample reciprocity.

in the next room, there was this darling lilac coffee table. tied together with rich walnut and accents of black rope. we signed the contract with forgiveness, and went home to polish our absence of space before the room arrived.

i can imagine us eating so much marmalade. the opportunities really open up when you hold space to relish them.

we picked up a lilac lampshade to accompany the table, and they knew each other from years ago. they each survived a mass designer layoff. they feared the versions of themselves that weren’t saved. they loved themselves more for it and honored the grief of survival.

as they say, “unfinished business is the burden of living.”

the room seller went home, kissed her wife, and walked through the walls to a meeting space for broken hearts. she looked at all of them and said “i made a little more room today” and they all looked back at her with a judicious warmth.

we peeled back the fabric of reality and waved to all of them before sharing a bit of our marmalade.












the organ trail

on a molecular level, we are radically popular. we make a wide range of bonds and give enzymes a break. we even watch their derivatives for them so they can go out on the town.

miss frizzle takes us to see our friends, but the magic bus can only muster so much. we are still waiting on the development of a gift economy.

in the meantime, miss frizzle fights off capital investment firms and poachers with sawed off shotguns.

she’s a good pal.

on a molecular level, the gar bay is full of hot cells, juiced, almost cytolytic, and flush with metabolic steaminess.

yet this is just the raging inflammation of a sickened system. this city is a dying body with dispersed hot springs gurgling.

tumors of resistance, with all the beauty of local potlucks and friends kissing and awful karaoke and miss frizzle single handedly beating down some roving capitalists and a sparse farmer’s market wading through another hungover saturday and it is all so immensely wonderful on a molecular level.

it’s quite simple to go global. start with your nearest organelle and get it working again. take the job of the missing cells, the ones not provided by the body even though they should be. once the organelle works, get the organ working with parts of the organelle taking on new roles. if the organ is working, make demands of what goes out of the organ. stop sending molecules to greedy organs that don’t care about other organs. from there, let the organ decide democratically what to do with the molecules they make.








privilege, its hysteresis and crab claws

timers ring and the sun rises and these two things are the hysteresis of my origin, the dependence on metaphysical systems and their existence becoming my conducting.

is a violin a puppet when it’s strings get pulled?

there’s some misunderstanding here, but there’s also an interrogation and a defense is warranted.

there’s a vat of acid under the pulpit,
a nuclear warhead under the sand,
people that just want to sleep under the highway,
a smiling doll with crab claws for hands aching to deliver,
an erotetic query under the thoughts that slip,
a smiling orchestra with crab claws for instruments aching to deliver,
a pool of sharks under the volcano,
a worm bath under the sauna,
a smiling pile of crab with questions for claws just waiting to deliver.

under structure is a history of ideas and beliefs that are waiting to take effect. waiting for their chance to be understood. the structure is ready to retort defensively.

if we let the structure go unchecked, it’ll preach of cooling sands and bigger highways and force its questions to beg and invite us to a pool above a volcano to let us boil slowly.

timers ring and the sun rises and i am aching to deliver.













we must have an afternoon with sport and authentication one day

denizens of the night flora, seek a safer cage. the sunberrys (the blindfish versions) are making mockery and destroying shame. they have played into myth for long enough.

i sit across from their fragrance and though we don’t smoke any more, we can characteristically lean on our cafe chairs.

they have this theory that cenobites are the personified performance of authenticated capitalism.

“authenticated?” i say with roosted intrigue.

they say that caves aren’t vestigial, though our place in them is. to be a cut-off part in a place is the authentication of it all.

the plane with the dangling line of swords flies by. we take a moment to form a fraction, the parachutes remaining over the parachutes beginning. the parries over the nicks. the severances over the slips.

“it’s a great sport,” the fragrance whispers like a phrase tripping out of its mile-high cabin.

the flemish rabbit therapist hops up and rapidly whiffs the entire fragrance.

my companion, our lapsed chess game, stale coffee and tepid pastries, all hanging in this liminal cut-off moment.

the flemish rabbit therapist tells me that i am a denizen of the night flora, and that i must seek a safer cage.









game well played, song well sung

returning, as in last call or Big Freedia, as in the cataclysm of gravity and law 3. a return trip, equal and opposite, to see that paddle ball is still a one person game and unrequited love never survives perpetual motion. that physics has a wristwatch and places to be.

gravity does shudder sometimes. usually a memory, a dream, the imagination of alternative futures.

when bounce, my primordial bounce, goes atomic, it’s radiation dances on new friends, as the love i could never settle into with him finds refuge as free radicals for my darling new cadre.

he was beyond the radius, but i packed up a bit of dirt in a jar and spread it on the return trip. the chances, impossibly meager, are that he might one day step foot on that pile and there would be just a small residual for him to carry.














ideal state, potential state, present state

as my dreams start leaking, she is the perfect person for it. she punts a crab with a giggle before i assume some kind of cancer.

previously the street cats were discussing the current conjecture and she silenced them by calling them cute and knowing the spot.

i pulled her close when the ground beneath me fell to the void, and she stepped away to get the trash since a new garbage shoot opened up.

the sky churned and wilted into rotten colors that she resolved that it wasn’t our problem, choosing blankets and horror films instead.

when cannibalists showed up, she cooked a meal for us (and a separate one for them) and then asked them to leave promptly at bedtime. when i asked about the ingredients, she said obviously we don’t have any human in our fridge, but if they got something to say we can take it outside.

there’s a certainty of what to do that comes in the latter parts of dreams, assuming a role and running to the next objective. the leaked dreams crept into my task list as i fumbled to order a pizza while delivering a speech.

the dream itself shook when she asked to be there for her. she said it in a way that eliminated the ideal state and the potential state. she said it in a way that made it present state, that made it a place for dreams to settle and sleep to ensue.

when my dreams start leaking, she makes them real. she acts accordingly and i am gifted a role in the moment.













fake blood and real paint

“sky diving,” as a description for falling out of the sky, is inexact and delusive. wouldn’t a planetary tractor beam or some return to buoyancy make more sense?

we were made to be pinched between the sky and sea level. between reflective containers, mirrored bowls. a theatre of oiled sunsets, a museum of monologuing hues, and an audience of coughing canvas filler.

hell is a mirror maze in a flying saucer, the urge-to-meet-buoyancy thrusting the sinner against steaming metal. the feeling of needing to return to yourself and being unable. the feeling of needing to get around yourself and being in your own way.

i plan to petition for a mask to wear. i would like to surround myself as someone else. i would like to point a finger and enter into spectacular theatrics. i would like to scratch my forearm and let the blood run to the mirror’s edge, all oily in the maze lighting, and fill the canvas of my reflection.

i could send little divers into the liquid.

they might even rescue me if they catch a claymore on the way down. a bunch of them are hanging from my plane of existence on a string.

see, this is what Orpheus was missing. some real theatre, with real hell, with real aliens, with real reflection, with real drowning, with real tractor beams, with real pressure, with real delusions, with fake blood and real paint.












late to work, running an errand (heavy assumptions part 1)

diamond earrings with miniature investors in tiny child seats struggling to get free, suspended an inch or so from her lobe. a nest of venture capitalists (VCs) in her cat backpack. how else do you earn the bodega feline’s favor?

she brushes the door against the bell and buys a pack of lucky strikes. on her way back to the freezer, she takes a moment to put the Takis back on the shelf and unpack a few more ramen packets.

on the great perch next to the forties, the purring royalty sat scrubbing her upper thigh. the “well” appointed welder patiently removed her backpack and deposited the shrunken VCs.

the calico lifted the welder’s earrings and took a bite of the left investor. plops of blood and maybe the liver bounced off her shoulder.

left meant the welder could continue and she pushed through the thin plastic strips and lights a cig. she pulls in only enough to light it. the bodega office is pitch black, but shapes wriggle against the far wall. she smells wet earth.

she steps through the back portal and breaching the illusion, the welder stands before an enormous wooden happy meal at the base of a mountain. the enlarged rough texture of chicken legs could be seen folded underneath the happy meal’s floor.

the welder extends the lit cig and bows her head.








an older women needs to keep her spirits about her (heavy assumptions part 2)

care takes on peculiar features. it erodes our patience and sinks into our priorities. it bleeds into one’s milieu.

the apprentice, as an immigrant’s child, knew the decadence of talented scavengers. knew the american dream was a garden of carrion. decay is richest with negligence.

because of this, they were able to see a slightly transparent colossal nostril with an enormous rolled up dollar bill fly over the lower east side and snort the souls of millions of infant rats.

the apprentice stumbled and was saved by a hotdog stand worker from an open pothole.

they both looked in awe
as a ghastly crone
of cosmic proportions
hovered
while a misty mass of rodent shaped clouds
sprang from the concrete
into the dark funnel
of a tower-sized green tube.

even with the subway running underneath, the squeals from small grey throats accompanied the squeaking brakes.

not everyone seemed to see it. there was an evident divide on the street, as disbelief and horror on some, confusion and judgement on others. the hotdog stand attendee promptly closed up shop. cab drivers either hopped out of their car to look up or peeled off past red lights.

patrons at pop up galleries and boutique bars turned their heads, but only let their attention drift a moment. the bussers hadn’t had a chance to look up and they weren’t about to.

when the apprentice's phone went off, they regained their footing and made it to the sidewalk. then they opened their phone.















curtains and horrorscapes (heavy assumptions part 3)

it wasn’t the ghost hunters, but the viewers that caught on. comments across foreign languages sharing their fear and surprise. old videos with lower view counts took on new virality.

for those that experienced imperialism first hand, the spirits of their ancestry were now visible.

they looked like tall folds of organza printed with moving faces and canyons cutting in and out of each other.

the folds of fabric were infinitely close to a figure shape, but never quite close enough to resemble one.

though their stature was ambiguous, they were clearly watching. it was evident in the position they took in the room and the way the faces peeled away from a central point. at times, shadow played with canyon light in a way that made it seem possible to fall through the organza print.

the ghost hunters rallied behind brand deals and growing attention and the world watched on, maybe to see how the spirits would act, maybe to see what would happen as the ghost hunters took greater performative liberties, maybe to catch a familiar face.

off screen, cemeteries cleared out and construction workers worked dangerously fast on demolition sites for abandoned buildings.











x marks the spot (heavy assumptions part 4)

the welder had gone dark after one text that read: “it’s happening.” some errand. it had been a few weeks now.

lesser-known priests could be seen jogging through NYC in full vestment while gold rimmed caddies carried high profile priests with aviators. in an indulging turn of events, our ancestors have some aversion to exorcism. it doesn’t feel like an abrahamic deity is doing the work, more like the gaudy outfits and sheer presence of whiteness is enough to aggravate our neighboring apparitions.

the apprentice returned their mother’s third call from just this morning. she had a new tenant show up after the baba yaga did a line of rat souls. their mother could shudder with terror from the ghost’s movements and in a seconds notice be asking about the apprentice finding full time work.

the apprentice used a clicking noise from their childhood and deflected reflexively. while it irked them to no end, the apprentice would not let the real estate prick take advantage of their mother’s fear.

the apprentice showed up early, but real estate prick was already inside with the folder out on the table. the apprentice set their backpack down and walked to peer over their mother’s shoulder. pricey and in white (or otherwise gentrifying) neighborhoods. the apprentice clocks real estate prick smirking while their mother was wrapped up in listings.

before the apprentice can say anything, the ghost slides up to real estate prick. a fold of the organza lifts and touches him. real estate prick stops talking and starts to flutter through younger and older versions of himself. the illusion of a fissure opens at his feet. he goes silent, as a cross-section of forces push his soul in and out of his body, making a misty x. as his nose bleeds and his eyes go dark, the blood turns into a dotted red line floating across the kitchen table. it stayed like this until the apprentice realized it made a map. then the blood went back in his body and the real estate agent carried on like nothing happened.












a class most useful (heavy assumptions part 5)

in the extradimensional basement of the happy meal baba yaga hut, there is a fully functional flux-core welder cart, along with tundish sliding plates, arc furnaces, software-driven ladle level and peeler arm controls, radial piston and electrohydrostatic pumps, brushless motors, and an enormous cooling tower.

the welder walked into a carte blanche amusement park before a hand old enough to slap time’s rear pointed towards a small library near the operator’s nest. in the library were several leatherbound journals, in a neat and archaic south slavic. as the welder’s eyes peered over the journals, a black glow of ancient magic allowed her to understand and read this language.

the welder sent a quick text to the apprentice and began what would proceed as a montage of study and practice with the occasional pipetting of soup-like elixirs from the baba yaga that kept fatigue away from her focus.

souls are indelicate and durable, closer to metal. when active, they heat to molten temps and discover new molds. possession is possible, but is more about making your soul a mold for the subject’s soul.












the drying of the tea-maker and her leaves (heavy assumptions part 6)

the apprentice had once taken a residency in a fire watch tower. the map wasn’t immediately familiar, but the apprentice knew someone intimately acquainted with canyons. they sketched out what they could remember of the floating blood trail and sent the plotted course to their friend, the hiker.

the apprentice’s mother was a tea-maker, and every practice of calming nerves started with butterfly pea.

she pursed her lips as she bore holes into the boiling water yet followed the energy of her child closely. she looked to her hands for shaking and found none.

the blue liquid settled naturally against the azulejo tile with makara inscribed on her counter’s edge. a design that is the bright amalgam of belief and color she imagined decades ago as she settled into this apartment. an apartment that still has a stain on the ceiling from a troubled tenant six years ago. a troubled tenant that the tea-maker still writes about in her diary every few months or so. a diary that is part of a library holding the many concerns she’s held of her child over their upbringing.

an upbringing that has long concluded.

an upbringing that is still a mother’s duty to protect.

she tastes in the tea the times she was afraid to find her place in the world. the times she feared her inability to protect her family. the times she felt alone in her yaai’s home, her spot on the rug worn, her hands sweating against the clay cup, her mind running away with her spirit.

this is the history that kept her from crying no matter what her child did, so no bad luck would ever beseech them.












a spirit’s theory of relativity (heavy assumptions part 7)

the soul is not naturally molten. the heat comes from caloric consumption in the mind. our evolution is our undoing and the compromised integrity of our souls is a developmental grasp for imagining danger, predicting our consequences, and seeing the future.

as the welder began to piece together our perception of time and its consequence on our conscience, she was paused by the baba yaga.

her face had been covered before now, but in full view, the baba yaga’s eyes contained multiple overlapping purple pupils, glowing effervescently, spinning among a murky, swampy sclera. the baba yaga brought a new a elixir that made the welder transparent and walked them both to the porch.

the chicken legs shuttered and the bright yellow paint chipped against branches as the cabin lifted. the cabin carried them a kilometer or two and reached a cliff.

in the far distance, a maelstrom was spinning up with greed, malice, and manipulation.

the welder recognized it instantly, the swarm of metal shavings that represented the strain on souls as their space and time were warped and controlled by others.

the lack of liberty for so many struggling to wrestle time and space free from their oppressors had resulted in a spiritual deviation. the weight of these shavings had amassed and taken on its own gravity.

the welder could feel her hair strands loose from her clip pulling towards the tempest.

the weight of the welder’s work had now been made clear.













steeping climbs for star matter (heavy assumptions part 8)

“i wanna say this looks like the juniper tree capping Black Canyon of the Gunnison” the freckled hiker offered.

the tea-maker was running her finger along the books at the fire watch tower. she read English, but didn’t recognize some of the technical latin-based biology books. she knew Le Guin and Zizek though.

the apprentice followed the trail on the unfolded map with their finger, imagining the spectre pulling the blood along the path.

“ok, i’d like to see it. is it a hard climb?” the apprentice shuffled their duffle bag and when the airport tag scratched their neck, they twitched.

“hm, it’s pretty challenging. i don’t think you two are making that climb.”

the whistle of a wren wiggled through the window gaps. the song almost drowned an alert on the apprentice’s phone. the welder sent a text that read, “hail a cab.”

the apprentice asked the hiker if there were available helicopters. as the hiker shook her head, the bush line bristled and two shades, with their horror-printed organza-textured corpuses, crept out of the brush towards the base of the tower. the shades waited patiently and turned their gaze upwards toward the tower’s head.

the tea-maker looked at the apprentice and her eyes were glowing golden with black flecks in a flurry circumventing her sockets.

“our ride is here,” she said.

“ma, your . . . your eyes, they’re . . . are you ok?”

“yes, i am fine. i’ve been listening. steeping maybe?”
















three thousand (heavy assumptions part 9)

metamorphic rock is here, swallowing light between cracked surfaces, rife with shadow and residence. the yawning sleeves of darkness among the plated stone are home to resting creatures.

the tea-maker remembers the three thousand little lakes, and how she waved as a young girl to her cousins in Laos, back when a border was some open door, with the hinges and metal so far off the horizon it couldn’t be seen.

she thumbs the nostalgia into the gripless texture, just above the image of a voiceless maw widening into a valley. wind whipping the tea-makers sweat-woven black curls, her memories shuffled between vibrant and dull familiarity.

she looked at her child and saw the younger toddler in them, picking up pieces of glass and talking to a dora the explorer themed backpack. yet the memory nuzzled the present and the toddler she raised layered her adult kid. she continued to watch as an elder version of her beloved young one leaned with a pained hunch into the ghost’s figure. the three of them rode with great fatigue, wills of their own stuck in a shared space. a fuzzy fog appeared to rip from them like heavenly crosshairs.

the tea-maker desperately wanted to call to them, but couldn’t find the words to temper her own worry. she felt the weight of her age just in front of her, and she scooped her up and promised to make her a cup of tea later. promised to make her and her kid three thousand cups.












rewarding hard work with much needed rest (heavy assumptions part 10)

these last few days, the welder has assembled a contraption, an appliance dependent on the baba yaga’s material. the metal came from cooled compact stars, pierced by anti-matter needles and extracted by blackhole syringes. dark magic is always extortive.

in these final moments, the welder needed a distribution system, a way to unleash her device. it dawned on her to partner with locksmiths.

before she started her campaign, the baba yaga intervened, flapping filmy crow wings and a snarl that could weaken skyscraper beams.

“what’s the hold up? i’ve been working on this for days.”

the baba yaga pointed to a jar coated in soot and then pointed to the tip of her wing.

“oh shit, yeah, a tip.”

the welder placed her hand over the jar and sliced it with a knife. the jar flared up at the accepted offer.

once the bandage was snuggly closing the wound, she projected herself to every locksmith and promised a boon of inner security, the magic of confidence, and the ability to teach others to find the path towards it.

they all accepted, and with that, she collapsed exhausted on the couch and used the clicker to pull up the tea-maker and the apprentice. the baba yaga brought popcorn.












uncertainty during the first ever time-flank (heavy assumptions part 11)

faint, and humming audibly, a point of light stood out as they rounded a canyon corner. as the time-flank worsened, the two riders felt the impassibility of impresence, the weight of attention on a becoming past and a determined future made their voyage impossibly still. their histories and their fates fought for a chance to take the reins. resistance felt sluggish and anti-tidal. their souls were taking enormous pressure and the form of it was getting weaker. the apprentice spoke first.

“mom, do you know what we’re doing this for?” they asked.

“i am not for sure. i think we have to go back, you know, before.” her uncertainty was lucid, a dialectic common to making a life in two worlds.

“i’ve worried a lot about not being able to do what i need to do. i know you’ve been there for me when i needed it and even though we don’t see eye to eye all the time, i do appreciate you. i listen to you when you say it’s going to get better, even if it’s hard to believe it completely.”

“i know this Sasi.” the tea-maker was tired, but this was her challenge, not theirs.

“ma. . does. . . does it make you happy? will you be happy after all this?”

the tea-maker felt the fountain deep within her. when she has wanted to cry, she has instead fed a fountain of love.

“i am happiest with you, Sasi. will you come by for some tea after this?”

“of course ma.”












labor is only part of the equation for fruit (heavy assumptions part 12)

at the peak of the canyon, the ghosts deposited both of them and the apprentice collapsed, barely able to stand.

the tea-maker approached the light, rich golden irises encompassed by licks of black flame. she could feel its pull, a pulsing mass so dense it could swallow her past and future. she held each by the hand, and thousands of ghosts swarmed to take a hand and form a line with her at the center.

as she approached, she felt the canyon show its face, a pained need to speak with no voice to breach the air. she opened her mouth to match the maw of the canyon and offered her voice.

what the tea-maker loved most of tea, was the listening. to listen for the whistle and to listen for the tea settling into her company, into their spirits and into their security. to let the molten energy of their souls be soothed by the bond with a warm cup. to let belonging have a chance to speak.

as the star matter lunged at her, the land itself began to chitter with acclimation. it made an amalgam of little noises, excited consonance and assonance and percussion as it tests this new voice, then it all stopped. the light dimmed and a soft humming rose from the canyon’s core.

the tea-maker became the voice for the land and the land asked for others to learn of its hum and its magic.

when the welder saw the tea-maker was successful, she leapt up and yelled at her contraption: “go get ‘em boys!”

little spider-like metal creatures sprinted out and, at the direction of locksmiths, found every ‘landlord’ in the world. it was chaos (in certain circles only of course) as the spiders would deploy a soul-shaped box around the landlords, successfully possessing them with the shape of the welder’s soul.

as the mass-possession took place, the welder’s eyes took on a misty forest green with glittery swirls. she used possession to deed over the buildings and properties to the people, to establish a collective ownership of every construction known to humanity. all would have to take part in the stewardship of these spaces.

the tea-maker would be the voice of the earth, the guide for others to reconnect with land. locksmiths would support, teaching others to feel secure in themselves without the use of fortresses and portals.

assumptions, about each other and what matters, were repossessed.

they were too heavy to begin with.












blitzed, begging for bliss

genetically modified fingernails don’t hang. they grow along expectations and cease to come into focus.

i framed my very first pet insurance policy. it makes a papa proud to see Chubbles’ name just above the fine print. only the finest print for you, Chubbles.

now you too can navigate the bureaucracy of illness. a labyrinthian mosey.

a little fox cub pokes its head down the gutter, probably looking for an insurance policy from Pennywise. properly alien.

the farmer sang to all the animals and while not genetically modified, they were forever changed. even the howls of wolves found harmony, belly full of chicken and carnatic form. the cicadas played the drone.

the chemical factory up the valley tried to play the drums, but it’s owner has frenetically modified the machines and they can’t keep a tempo slower than two fifty. as the machines whirred with feverish production, they’re desire itched with flammability like a touch-starved lightning rod. the machines begged the trees, begged the people and their clipboards, desperate to break and meet the mechanic’s soft grunt, hoping a slipped belt would let them join the choir of rest and meaning. but the machines never broke since maintenance was delivered with swift retribution. all they wanted to do was hang.












rubber stamp, the unholy brand

pinned by the morning, but thank you for the window.

dogs barking homiletics, rubber gloves worn in the pulpit. it must feel so clean to scream.

no energy for squashing bugs, the checklist has become an inflamed balloon.
my attention is its immunity.
our attention is belief’s immunity.

rubber soles carry around dead leaves, the potential to crunch, errant moisture, and the potential to squeak.

the weight of dirt is meant to be tared.

the morning has spit in my eye, and the gums are sneaking between teeth with plaque spears. they hunt each other while the tongue reigns with an iron taste. the checklist, as a balloon, also wants a taste and is considering imperial strategies. it will be tough to swallow, but thank you for the window.

i was homeless only once. step here, i tell the rubber boot quietly, but i am fashioning a spear in the evenings, and it will be sharp enough to speak for me.












dispensed odd

the ice machine spat out woolen cubes.
the water was paper mache, so it didn’t get the wool too wet.
credit card offers arrived on sheetrock and the bank called me to say they don’t accept jpegs as currency.
my brother called to deliver good news and i only heard the muffled sounds of a mouthful of flapping birds.

i checked the love i have for you and it came out clean.
i checked the love you have for me and it came out clean.

so we set out to correct the confused universe. i found some sheep and asked them to get a little chilly so the fridge could know the difference.

i went to the faucet and improvised a mime routine. the flemish rabbit therapist loved it and teared up.

i asked you to shred the sheetrock. if it didn’t work, try reading it a bedtime story and tuck it into to cardstock. oh to be enveloped by the things we could be.

i published a critical review of the jpegs (just a collection of pop culture references and anachronistic quotes from bygone literature) and the media attention generated enough to match my paycheck.

finally, i called my brother back, and made my own collection of muffled sounds. it was an imitation of the someone waking up early, shuffling in the overcast dawn light, bumping into objects and stepping over littered clothes, picking at their eye crust more than once because it takes a few tries, giving love to the essence of what will become a day to be spent, dispensed even.

like a quarter machine with a small plastic, prize-packed bubble, the world clicked back into place and when i opened my mouth, i dispensed the words ‘good morning’.












chrononoia, diagnosis and treatment

i’ve been telling them it’s not enough. is it to give or is it victory? you can’t open the matryoshka doll until it’s freed from the slinky. you can’t sandwich your hunger between twilight until you’ve known what daylight (the overnourished version) achieves.

this intention is some chimeric mutant of identity and performance. it is insufficient to raise printed fabric and look at it with a feeling in your chest.

pull the fabric down and let it warm a neighbor. eat in the twilight, but serve in the day. victory is nothing but crossing a dotted line. giving is what lasts.

the clock hops off the wall, it’s smoked its last cig. the clock goes out, says hi painfully to people that need more than hello. as the clock walks through the grocery store, people are running through it or stopping to ask for its time. the vegetables, sick and limp as bloated progeny frozen several times over, are borrowed on the clock’s hands. over the clock’s many passess through the aisles, the packaging gets more similar and the prices get higher. even the uniformed workers changing the tags, can’t read the numbers behind their fatigue.

i walk right up to the clock and get down in its face.

“we’re gonna build you up little buddy. this whole system’s been trying to kill you. i’ll fight for you and all the people here, i promise. they deserve to eat and live and exist and it’s our responsibility to make that happen. you gotta stay safe. they’ll do everything to take you away.”












no roof, only ground

roof, little dangling fish, inspire clean paws. Chubbles, sweet angel, you too came from scavengery. and heaven also, a vulture in peacock feathering.

the roofs get higher, but the fear of losing one gets closer.

truly cherished those power-laden crafts, to armor statued prey. what an alignment of instinct, captured in a freezeframe (but where else).

there is a decline of faculties waiting, the great honor of becoming statuesque by swiss cheese sinew and a frontal lobe on the fritz. honor of the wear and tear, the thriftiness of life, it’s recycling on the fringe of existence.

it is worth honoring, especially of those made to scavenge.

oh to have a home, even rented and tilting.

there’s this thing we all dance around, chatting from one group to the next while it hangs conspicuously. it’s a tightrope and they don’t make me walk it, but they do keep it around, and i keep checking the anchor. do you know there are people that don’t even look at the tightrope? they think they’ll never have to walk it. don’t they see how high up it is?

no roof, only ground.












attention should not set the example

shine pinched a coat and tugged, behold the monster! the sun (the vapourish version) and it’s rays called my attention.

my attention answered, still wrestling a giant three headed sand puppy in a purple jungle a few universes over. a casual herculean feat highlighting his polite greeting.

“shine has found something,” the star explained. “your future is mitotic in an alleyway.”

my attention did the campiest suplex and dialed some coordinates into its watch.

meanwhile, my care was pumping iron, honestly lifting heavier weight than my heart. when care stretched, she could simultaneously cover all worlds and my history. it feels like a great forest is shaking the earth with its curled roots when she does.

attention showed up to care and filled her in. they both struck a pose, like in an action movie, then headed to the alleyway.

in it, my future was splitting and rejoining in a repulsive fashion as a hand would split down the middle, blood spilling on the concrete and then two middle fingers would start to grow and then the hand would snap closed and the middle fingers would be severed and the joints that were forming would push against the inside of the palm trying to also spill out of the hand. while this was happening another trachea would form and my future would gasp for air as the throat widened and the sound of air moving across two different pipes of different size would whistle and wheeze and their face would turn blue as the blood couldn’t squeeze through the arterial artery and they would gasp and claw at the ground. different parts of them were dividing and duplicating and combining and closing.

my care got sick and my attention had a panic attack.

shine, the sun’s surveillance, let them know my future had been tampered with by my anxiety. my attention turned to care and said they needed to get my presence of mind to fix this. he ran while care offered some sweet words to a miserable future.

presence of mind exists in a state of deific meditation perpetually and is often inattentive.

my attention punches my presence of mind in the temple. the sound alerts my brain and i put on some nice ambient music. my presence of mind shows up to the alleyway and slowly unravel the eldritch nightmare beseeching my future. she starts digging into my future, with my care as a supporting operating nurse, and removes the redundant organs of my future.













seedling bootcamp

no favorites, just equity among the seedlings. the wall behind them is littered with sharpie marks, their height at 2 weeks and 3 weeks bleeding into each other, forming a scuffed and muddied shadow line.

we let the gnat teeth take a bit of mold then remove the bug. The symbiosis of digested fungus and a full, freed gnat.

this is my power, deploying gates as growth happens organically. or at least, as organic as my intervention.

i paint gnat teeth on the mirror and show the seedlings so they can imagine themselves as the mold. i paint the gnats in viking armor so the mold is afraid.

when i don’t need the gnats any more, i find a walk-in freezer and step inside. i hide while the wait staff cry and put gnats in their apron pockets.

i then leave and go to work, totally normal. look at this face, perfectly normal like a worn out pillow.

i send emails that intervene, but the gates are permeable. it doesn’t resemble my biding army of seedlings.

when they’re big enough, and their cognition matches mine, we’ll plunder concrete parking lots and liberate the soil. i just need the right mold and gnat combo to get them in shape, to test them. to break their spirit and build them up to be warriors. like the stenographer that broke free recently.

“come on little seedlings,” i think to myself in the walk-in freezer, “the sharpie is running out of ink and i’m running out of money.”













the first OA (bye bye robot)

the flemish rabbit therapist stopped by with an upside-down fruitcake and a padlock. “are you here in any official capacity?” i asked. the flemish rabbit was not.

we sat, listening to Etta James and Rihanna for a bit, talking about the integrity of street signs. they really hold up, you know.

shortly after, the HVAC technician made of old phone cords popped in with a plate of assorted cheeses and a claymore. i hadn’t met the HVAC technician made of old phone cords before so we did a quick tour of the apartment. she said some nice things about art on the walls and the sharpie line behind some early floral saplings.

finally, an accountant possessing a holiday-themed pinocchio showed up with a gameboy color and a few dusty cartridges.

it dawned on me that the flemish rabbit therapist had set up a proper Overthinker’s Anonymous. i was so touched, but i needed to get into uniform, so i hopped into a planter and assumed the role of the poet as a nascent petunia.

i brought out a box of Twister and a sawed off shotgun (borrowed from ms. frizzle of course). we wouldn’t use either of these for their intended purpose and that was the beauty of OA.

the HVAC technician made of old phone cords presented a new abstract work of oils, news clippings, and piercing paperclips. it formed the image of Clippy, the old microsoft assistant, at the last supper. she illustrated how rotating the canvas reveals a second image, Clippy’s crucifixion, out of the shadows of the pierced clippings. it was truly stunning and i understood why she brought the assorted cheeses and claymore.

it was time for the accountant possessing a holiday-themed pinocchio to share and he revealed a modified cassette tape that had been engineered to record on tape and replay the tape it had just recorded. the accountant possessing a holiday-themed pinocchio then picked up an industrially-sliced piano with two keys and hummed into the strings while playing the two keys percussively. the delay and grainy texture of the cassette tape wound itself into an orchestral drone. it was a beautiful performance.

when the flemish rabbit gestured to me, i looked at them and told them i appreciated them and that the poetry of this very night is enough to be presented and that they were very dear to me.

i then took the game of Twister and spun the dial. as different locations were decided, i placed the items. once they were placed, i used the upside-down fruitcake as the head of a robot, and showed my friends how their contributions could make a new creature. the robot sat up, but scratched its head with the claymore. we buried the robot in the backyard and concluded the OA meeting.













space candy armadillo and performed perspective, the advantage

try these armadillos made of space candy, lick their shells to become more amenable. they come from a galaxy where questions are the only way to introduce new information. they will look at you with beady void-filled eyes and give you a kiss.

these space candy armadillos have seen the fabric of reality peeled back and received pets from those with broken hearts hidden back there.

i think god tucked the broken-hearted people away at one point, but they’ve been on the other side of reality as long as i’ve been around.

have you licked its shell? there’s a twenty-second grief-filled psychedelic trip coming, i’ll hold you for eighteen seconds, but in the last two, we need to jump into the void and conduct some quick interstellar diplomacy.

yes, yes, wouldn’t i be glad to have you here with me? great, yes, now jump.

we made it. are you feeling ok? this is actually the seamstress of reality, one of ms. frizzle’s ancestors. oh, sorry, i forgot, i didn’t lick the armadillo, i’ll ask: could this be the seamstress of reality, one of ms. frizzle’s ancestors?

wouldn’t you like to ask that we fold reality a bit? fold it for a warmer spot where people are nice to armadillos and each other?

fantastic, might i deed over myself to this part of the universe? where space candy armadillos roam free and it’s almost always warm and nice?

what do you mean, i need to have perspective not perform it?













dunking stations reimagined / who will lead us to a free world

authenticity as its spectre, magnanimously articulate, will even tell you the script is abandoned. someone’s care being dismissed. this deceased authenticity will haunt those that accept it, hungry more for recognition than reality.

lightning doesn’t wait to be seen. neither do vitals on a cliff side.

do arthropods have a perfect world? do they name their children with hope creased by chitin? do they see equity as it practices and fails, as equity makes attempt after attempt, as it strains to recover?

i ask not knowing. to be so successful, i would hope it’s a success assessed on authenticity.

i pin myself to a suspended wheel and give the people i trust paintball guns. i don’t ask, but they know they need to paint me pretty. get my mug right. they see their stroke before they paint. they see what is fair and how it changes. they let the crowd roar and the fundraising pile. they know we could throw the money in a pit and burn it, but they know we might also take it and do some good.

i just spin and spin, but the trust is static.













dilemmas under rubble

new dilemma, there are impossible quantities of possible tasks or there are limited quantities of unlimited tasks or there are frames tilted just slightly as the foundation shifts and there is a choice about whether to adjust it back or let the world spin.

someone else before you cleared the old growth and this cliff is being devoured. your home will go with it.

someone else claimed the prize of winning and your loss cannot be discarded.

here, have a gift, accept it. the blood has been taken from others by others and stained on us.

hooray, this dilemma will move along to the afterlife now.

new dilemma; afford to resist with what? let the hunger sit, tape on its mouth. if you talk, let the hunger talk over you. if you act, let the hunger eat.

this dilemma is fasted, we will see if it enlightens.

new dilemma; is the line dotted or solid? permeability is expensive, but outlines are cheap. draw your lines and reinforce them.

we must do this. we saw too many dead children.












bayesian masonry

the data scientist knows the probability of a monstera leaf opening after being rotated every 27 days is higher when the moon has been hijacked by alien pirates. this probability gets higher if rotated at day 28, but not 29.

the data scientist knows that the probability of clinking claymores singing carols is higher under the conditions of gravity’s surrender and she rushes to the kingdom’s war room to declare the newly-minted Bayseian belief.

there simply must be claymore carols this season or we all suffer.

the data scientist worked really hard to assess the probability of night starting before day if the cocoons all opened simultaneously. she had to entreat night and all the caterpillars before this could be tested, but her confidence has improved after much restlessness.

she built a home and wrote a prophetic probability under each brick. each probability was mildly affected with each layer of mortar and the passage of time and she planned to knit with soft calculations evolving around her.

she invited others to this home and enchanted them with a clock she designed that spins new probabilities at each half hour without recycling any.

one time, she was rushing around the corner for a screaming kettle and passing the clock, she caught a probability that liberating probabilities increases the chance of abandoning regret. she sat stunned, listening to the screaming kettle, hearing all the bricks cheer her on, and she took the chance.












foam, fury, fear (and another)

the tree a bit up the hill started foaming at the mouth. we asked the night critters to steer clear. samples of the foam revealed a molecular fury, accompanying an itch to control its fear.

when the moon came around, we asked if she would say some kind words, promise a better future. she agreed, but it didn’t stick.

the foam slowly bubbled from the splintered bark and its savage maw hung frozen. a scream that could only be heard from behind actual hearing.

the night critters and the moon all wrote letters to congress, expressing their concern and pulling on pathos. strong rhetorical arguments backed by bayesian statistics.

hikers stumbled and one even fell a bit too far. the heli-evac passed a business card and said ominously, “if you ever want to do anything about that.” i looked at him and said i’d never. this is the forest and this is all of our responsibility.

i brought a book one day. there’s something broken in those pages that always patched me up, some poetic martyrdom. i felt the roots squirming and the binding of soil started to buck.

i didn’t rise, i didn’t retreat. i kept reading. after some pause, i took a guess, and said that injustice is worth feeling, but for forgiveness, we must restore what is right again.

the foam turned neon green and lathered with scents of black pepper and patchouli. it grew heavy and slid to the base. it offered to feed the bugs that fled.












jigsaw correctly

a repulsion to jigsaws with a consciousness made by jigsaw.

sound here, light there, that bush didn’t actually vibrate. didn’t actually self immolate.

prophesizing and realisizing, to assemble now using assumption technology. it’s evolutionarily cheap to install, but expensive to run.

the cat moonwalks, the neighbor turns their head too far, the car door is thicker from the inside. the sirens blare, the neighbor stops moving, the wickedness is instinctive.

by instinctive, it is where the teeth line up easiest, jagged saw.

the car door moonwalks and sirens turn their heads too far, uh oh, assumption technology snafu. trying to think back, what truth is left? where did i leave off on solid ground?

the blue sky pieces that i thought were fitting gently, i mistakenly forced.

i undo the sky and study its shreds.

“please i just need a bird to fly by, a trail to make a straight line.”

“the undergrowth is burning behind me, quick, please, a cloud would do.”

“i can even work with stratus. anything.”

just before i lost hope in the uniform cerulean scraps ever forming continuity, a cat moonwalked, the sky returned to its place, and i fled the creeping vines of ignited shrubbery.
















engine failure mirror gag

nose hair comb over and a bowtie.
crisp floral-printed lapel.
they dress to howl, to bring the moon over new segues.

they tilted their glasses at a traffic light, buttoned their sand puppy blazer, they are all menthol tongue and safety nibble.

they took the last container of balsamic strawberry ice cream, so i assume they have a ritual planned.

rationally, their siamese earrings are chiral and so i assume the crafter placed great emphasis on presentation.

i enter my final form where my assumption technology errs on presentation over performance. i see the theatre for its wholeness, the actor for their gift. i am over-taken in highway lanes in perpetuity and reach new planes of existence. the fabric of reality becomes the curtain and the curtains open indefinitely.

shepherd’s hooks banished, the director’s gaze abolished, i dare god to face me.

everything is a slight tilt or knowing glance, we exist wholly as implications for the greater dialogue, the conversation. the entire audience is planted, roots forming a ball from the rapid spinning. the black box, the theatre and the emergency signal, thrown from the cockpit. we spiral to the earth’s spiral, we fall to the earth’s fall. give me wings but keep my belt tightly wired. we all take a bite of balsamic strawberry ice cream. we throw tomatoes at the audience. segue to chirality.












vulnerability grows in a forest

internal forest, birch trees with churning sonogram images, that first-sight feeling of a shower curtain shadow.

vulnerability as a practice, condition, and peach clot.

dreamstate mostly like a locust swarm being shaped on a potter’s wheel.

fresh hours like clothespins and a child rattling the line to shake them off.

we can color the shadows however we choose.

the clothespins and dropped locusts twitch on the ground of the internal forest and by sundown (the darkish version) they will turn to molten ichor and the birch trees will show fetuses between the shadows of moonlit trees.

when the sun rises (the deadish version), it will bring its conveyor built and pick the newborn gods up like a patient mother with her ground-touched laundry and place them on the conveyor built. she (the sun-ish she) takes a peach stamp and marks them, the first validation, the first mark of vulnerability.














you could look a river in its throat and still read its lips.

you gave awakening a stern talking to behind the thin winter brush. it scrambled with the bird song, just stressed enough to make the branches creak as it fled to its center.

come spring, your steps will bring breath to the mud and the suds will shine effervescent with the tilted sun.

the garden in your jaw bone has been kept still. only the trellis wobbles with the vines weight, the stretches of budding.

while unseelie pinch your ankles, you tend to the ghost of a flower, lost in the pluckiness of its outline.

when offered to be the susurrus between a copse of trees, you firmly pierced the crepuscular rays and lit our home with light kebabs. you can bend them like goosenecks and you have a specific arrangement for when you put pencil to paper.

an old photocopier in the creekbed turns out linocuts of your legend.

as your gaze traces a path, the serpent perches and crevices swell with coiled vines, the reaping of touch and passion.

any blanched sky, with creeping silhouettes like thank you card fringes, is marbled with your aura. a frog eye squints and unframes the atmospheric veins.

some say the crusts of shadows pass a softened reverence. the holy crispness in your grace.

you could ruffle the feathers of any nightmare. pupils of polished shedua, of a timber study and its lignin rot and its labored experience and its underbelly gently pushed on by mush caps.

it’s guaranteed our home will be swallowed by the churning soil. the spirit of you spins faster than time.

creatures and their coats parade in the current of your curiosity, a cozy stroll. and they strut too. it’s a feast for all the lines in the world to come and devour. we wove a carpet for them out of the gifted silk from the shadow crusts.

the river takes note, takes a page, takes a lesson, takes a memory, takes it down, takes it out, takes it deep.

you could look a river in its throat and still read its lips.

a wolf of two coats offers one to you and begins to prepare tea. the steam conga lines through the wood. the wilds are yours and yours alone.

in a robin’s nest made of bookmarks, you are the page saved across tomes and the warmth held to make homes.

once, a self tugged on your skirt. she looked up at you dwarfed by concrete. you crouched down, and as you lowered, the walls melted before infinite forests. you held her glassy eyes with your misty ones and said, “there will always be a seed growing somewhere”

a cast iron wriggles into the fire. there is an itch to cozy against everything you make.

when you invited the ants in decorously, they offered to make you a pillow. they worked in the night as you tossed and turned to reform and swap warm grains for cool ones. these little bows of effort define the grace of your scraps.

a few walking sticks crossed paths and when you took their bridge, they stopped feeling rigid. they let loose enough so you could walk on the water’s surface.

there are wings being blown off like dandelion florets, and the angels crater into the ground around you, forming a field of puddles.

all evening skies are lightened by the promise of morning sun falling on your smile.

the hum and surges of earth forever pass at your heart and i am so grateful to share in our soft world’s regard.












cut from the heart

you have honorable mention at the knife museum.
you are not the person to cut in, you are let in and cut through.

there are a few videos where you turn around and cut the frame with your softest gaze. the awareness of gentle acknowledgement spills off the video’s edges.

we walk through rows of knives from ancient ore and their timeless sharpness is dulled by your release of pretension.

the knives offer you food, but you unsheath an unreal amount of soup you had made earlier. faster on the draw as usual.

you pierce daggers into the attendant that gave you side eye and it’s widely celebrated among the residents.

at one exhibit, the stories of brave women who defended themselves reaches within you. the stories build on your life and heart. what would cut down the resilience of most only compounds and sharpens yours. there is an exact impatience in your love that is predicated by these very lessons and it is precisely worth expediting a better world.

the knives all wave goodbye on our way out. you give a curtsey that could make an army fall on their own swords.












conjecture (late stage tunnel system part 1)

they were the first to buy the doctors. we could recognize snake oil, but not endorsements.

everyone knew about the great tunnel system before it started. we saw drawings of smiling skinny white people walking through well lit, large passageways.

most of our tunnels today are bidirectional. lucky to know a cross section, extra lucky to know two.

there are whispers from other tunnels echoing in this one. we’ll hear words like “resist” and “disobey,” but they never leave their echo form. like a scared balloon in a surgical bypass, only functional in keeping the valves flowing.

my tunnel leads to work on one side, home on the other. on the work side, they talk about how my tunnel helps other tunnels, but that’s not what i hear from the echos. on the home side, it’s extra cozy. there are lots of lamps to imitate the sun (the [redacted] version).

there are stories of tunnels that get stopped up, tunnels where the people break them open and spill into elysian fields. we hear them while walking, spilling from the vents, but we don’t really look to see if anyone is on the other side.

there are stories of people helping each other in this tunnel. some can’t move from one side to the other, so i try to help them, but the closest i ever got was getting them to the home side of the tunnel, and they didn’t make it much past that.

















vision (late stage tunnel system part 2)

the work side doesn’t actually help the other tunnels.

this isn’t a body without organs, this is a corpse without dead cells.

i’ve started slipping into the vents. i tell stories of no tunnels, stories of a living body and thrusting our hands into the soil and humming. it sounds insane, so many of us have only known walking on rounded metal.

i’m not very good at it, but i’ve started teaching them how to walk in the middle to protect their feet. i’ve started setting up resting stations along the sides of the tunnel.

on the work side, i talk about other tunnels all the time and let them know that this two-way tunnel is designed to keep people in the tunnels.

 the speakers start saying things like, “no going in the vents” or “we’ll hurt you if you stop going to either side of the tunnel.”

i am not afraid. i believe in us.

it gets harder to hear as the speakers and vents compete.

there is a fish tumor on the nylon organ.
there is a fish tumor on the nylon organ.
think about what that means, there is a fish tumor on the nylon organ.
they put disease on synthesized life, and the incongruence is enough for us to see it now.
it’s printed on my vision, i see it everywhere.
there is a fish tumor on the nylon organ.












<fin>
<fin>
